Week 4:
  DONE: Successfully created basic scrollable interface!
Week 5:
  DONE: Created lots of the layout. Parse interaction is completely set up. Users can create posts (new post screen opens up), 
  submit, view posts (opened post screen). There is also a temporary clear button that deletes the items off of parse (for 
  testing, will be removed before the finished product). 
Week 6:
  DONE: light re-arrangement of create post ability
Week 7:
  DONE: Group chat / comment functionality set up! Users can click a post, join the group, and talk amongst each other there!
        Users can (MUST) create accounts / login to join! (helped to establish group chat)
  INCOMPLETE: Distinction between group chat / commenting. Right now, we have one location where members can chat amongst each
  other. To me, this looks like both group chat AND commenting, and the distinction between the two is a little ambiguous. WE
  WILL NEED TO DISCUSS WITH OUR CUSTOMERS WEEK 8 LAB TO DETERMINE EXACTLY HOW THEY WANT TO SEPERATE THE TWO, and then we 
  can push the implementation of that seperation to week 8 (I'm thinking, for a proper "group chat", we'll have to first create
  the groups, so that's tentatively step 1 for week 8).
Week 8:
  TODO: Group functionality. Join group, limit group size, etc. User stories 7, 12, 13 (HIGH PRIORITY) - Daylon
      DONE (except for 1 small visual bug, will fix soon) woohoo
  TODO: Fix Delete button for post (has to clear messages as well as post), clean up code / debugging - Kenny
  TODO: Clean up the project. Still need to fix creating new posts to fit customer specifications (price etc).
      includes user story 11 (seperation by driver/rider), 9 (title = source to destination + time) - Amit/Yahav 
  TODO: Work on design (colors and layout look pretty bad) - Amit / Yahav work on this 
  OI AMIT/YAHAV THIS FOR YOU: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IxgpDPHwM_JrnHbX79Edxzbz0VrPBj03_BXSM3hBngM/edit?usp=sharing
  
  I think we can be done(?) with the app by the end of this weekend.
  
Week 9-10: 
    TODO: Map functionality (User story 5) (optional, customers said they don't really want it)
    TODO: refresh ability on main screen 
    TODO: clean up code (so we can show off to our potential recruiters huehue)
  
