User Stories: (We are Developers)
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
1. As a rider and driver I want to see the menu screen and be able to post a ride request so that people can be
connected to share rides. 5 days
2. As a rider and driver I want to see a home screen that displays available posts and can create a post so that
people can see where the user wants to go. 1 week
3. As a rider and driver I want to be able to click on the post and the post will expand with information so that
people can pick rides good for them. 4 days 
4.As a rider and driver I want a group chat for people in the same group so that people in the same group can
communicate details about the ride. 3 days ­ low priority
5. As a rider and driver I would like a map view so that I can see where my destination is on a map.
(Low priority) 1 week
6. As a rider and driver I want a group page so that people in the same group can be connected. ­ want to be
able to contact people in the car 1 week
7. As a rider and driver I want to set group restrictions so that other people can’t join every group. 3 days
8. As a rider I want drivers to enter their information (phone number?) for them to post a ride so that people will be
discouraged from making fake rides 2 days
9. As a rider I want the title to be just source to destination and time so that the posts are informative
and you don’t have to look hard to find information. 3 days
10. As a rider I want a comment box (Block of text) for more information when the post is selected so
that users can get more information about rides. 2 days
11. As a rider would like the two feeds separated by color but in the same location so that all rides
can be seen together and that they are easily identified if they are uber rides or one with a
driver. 3 days
12. As a rider and driver I want a group page to see all of the groups you’ve been added to so that users can
keep track of their rides. 2 days
13. As a rider and driver I want to be able to leave my groups so that I can cancel my rides as
needed. 3 days
14. As a rider I would like priority to be determined by departure time so that more recent rides will be
seen first. 2 days
15. As a rider I would like the post creator’s name, email, phone number, facebook, etc. so that the
driver/other rides can be easily contacted. 4 days
